 Feb  4, 2002
		   IRRd 2.1.4  Release notes

    The code that handled mirror requests was locking the mirrored database
  for the entire duration of a mirror update transfer (in some cases, this
  was observed to take up to 2 minutes).  Mirror transfers are now buffered
  in memory to avoid keeping a lock on a database.
    The database cleaning and export code would lock the database for
  the entire clean/export operation.  A new "clean_lock" has been added to
  allow queries (but not updates) during a cleaning or export operation.
    The path to install-sh was not being set properly by configure.
    Berkeley DB and GDBM support have been removed (this code had not been
  maintained and it's operational state was unknown).
    Route searches with the 'M' more specific flag now allow searches on
  /16 prefixes or longer.
    The 'routing-registry-objects' filter has been updated to allow inet-rtr
  objects.
    A config file syntax error when performing config saves has been fixed.
    Some minor user manual updates for the !u command. 

 Oct 18, 2001
		   IRRd 2.1.3  Release notes

  The 2.1.3 release fixes a compile problem on Solaris 8 with irr_check.
  The release also now successfully compiles on systems without pgp/gpg
  installed.  The default location for binaries is now the sbin directory.
  A 3 second timeout for sending data on UII telnet connections was
  too short in some cases, change to 30 seconds.

 Sep 24, 2001
		   IRRd 2.1.2  Release notes

  The 2.1.2 release fixes a bug in irr_rpsl_submit which resulted in the
  process exiting prematurely on Linux (due to a redundant fclose() call).
  There was also a bug in the configure script which resulted in PGP not
  being correctly enabled on systems with PGP/GnuPG binaries.  Manual updates
  have also been made to correct an erroneous documentation concerning
  invoking irr_rpsl_submit via email submissions and the use of the "-D" flag.
  Also note that irr_rpsl_submit must be able to update the PGP directory and
  ring files in order to support PGP authentication.

 Sep 18, 2001
		   IRRd 2.1.1  Release notes

  The 2.1.1 release fixes a possible race condition in the UII code
  with short-lived UII telnet connections.  Also, an updated PDF manual,
  ChangeLog, and NOTES file are now included in the distribution.


 Sep 13, 2001

                   IRRd 2.1.0  Release notes

  The 2.1.0 release of IRRD is primarily a bugfix and portability update.
  The primary target systems for current development are now Solaris,
  Linux, and FreeBSD.  

Fixes/Enhancements

  Numerous portability fixes for installation on Linux/FreeBSD systems
  Fixes to address various compiler warnings
  UII interface now works correctly under Linux
  fix a serious memory leak in whois port connection teardown
  a number of additional minor memory leaks also fixed
  enhancement to atomic database update code to prevent zombie processes
  add option to drop priveleges and run as a non-root user/group
  removed a number of unused files that had been imported from the MRT codebase
  streamlined configure script -- removed a number of unneeded checks
  phone/fax attribute verification was rejecting valid phone number formats
  inet6num object support now functional (indepedent of kernel IPV6 support)
  support added for GnuPG in addition to PGP
  fixed issue with "at" expression evalution for "inject:" and "peering:" attrs
  Ranges on route-set macros now evaluated when performing macro expansions.
  Be more lenient in serial number processing
  (allow whitespace/trailing newlines in .CURRENTSERIAL files).
